choose your destiny flawless victory you
are destiny flawless victory
heat man heat probably the greatest
heist flash bank robbery movie ever made
you guys know that I love the town but
heat is such a classic it can't be beat
now if you have not yet seen the movie
heat I strongly recommend that you close
this video right now and watch it
immediately now don't misunderstand me
this is not a soft recommendation like
oh if you have to test boiler alert
close this video and go watch heat right
now because if you don't I'm gonna stab
your goldfish in the face yeah I will
stab your goldfish in the gills and the
face and watch heat as a drowned I'm
that serious about this movie go watch
it pronto
but for those you that are like me that
have seen heat you know how great of a
movie it truly is don't even try to tell
me that when you hear this beat as soon
as Robert DeNiro walks into the bank you
don't get all kinds of goosebumps
because I know that you do and because
heat is such a classic I decided to run
a couple setups that emulate some of the
weapons that they use in the movie I
also limited myself to playing only on
the two maps of bent job and downtown on
the game modes of blood money and heist
as they all fit the theme of a downtown
Los Angeles bank robbery almost to a tee
the first weapon I use to mimic the film
is the notorious weapon used by Val
Kilmer and Robert De Niro in the final
score which of course is the m4 now in
hardline you have two weapons that are
almost identical to what they use in the
movie which are obviously the ro933 and
the m416 now I personally decided to go
to the ro933 because it looked a little
more similar to what Val Kilmer uses and
more of a compact m4 but if you're
looking to emulate the movie while also
doing well I'd advise you use the m416
instead I won't totally nerd out on you
but just look at this the ro933 does
much less damage over a shorter distance
and has a lower rate of fire so it's
basically a huge piece of garbage at
least in hardline because it kills the
slowest of all the ARS now obviously if
the exact opposite in heat because val
kilmer is pretty much invincible and
impervious to anything that's similar to
bullets and he has laser aim accuracy at
the same time I'd also like to add that
running it authentically like
movie without any sort of attachments
makes things much more difficult but I
can definitely tell you that it's
passable I mean granted the m16 beats
you the AKM beats you the m416 beats you
as do most of the mechanic weapons but
if you're crafty enough of a player you
can make it work you certainly will be
racking up all kinds of kill streaks and
sitting on top of the scoreboard but the
800 rounds per minute is not the worst
thing in the world but don't let me fool
you basically everything about this gun
is at best mediocre but on the maps like
bank job in downtown if you pick your
engagement carefully you should be fine
just don't try to spray everyone down
like Chris or you'll definitely get
yourself shot in the face now before I
get into the second weapon I'd also like
to add that he actually teaches us a
valuable lesson about hardline which is
actually quite simple just like Dan Cook
said it's always that last-second
replacement guy that will goof
everything up for you so I'm sure you
guys remember this guy right don't ever
let this guy into your squad that guy's
the equivalent of those clowns you see
on the scoreboard like dank 420 cush
memes ladakh Mimar we love her 420 and
anime weed Lord 420
moral of the story avoid these people
like the plague the second weapon that I
used was the sa-58 used by good old
Michael Torito in order to mimic the FN
FAL used in the original robbery scene
of the armored car actually the way that
they tip over this armored truck and
throw explosives on the back is
painfully similar to what you see in
downtown highs only in hardline you're
obviously not going to get to run away
with millions of dollars in bearer bonds
kind of a sob story
now the sa-58 is available for the
enforcer class and although it's not
perfectly authentic like the FN FAL and
heat it's a closed variant that was
similar enough for me taking a brief
look at the stats it's probably the best
battle rifle in the entire game the
scar-h is pretty close but the most
remarkable feature is that it hits
harder than Evander Holyfield but at the
same time it kicks like a mule and
without attachments is extremely hard to
handle now you may have noticed by now
that I kind of cheated here and I threw
on a grip and a heavy barrel I know that
in Keith they don't use any extra
attachments but I really felt the need
to use it in order to make it work I
still can easily tell you that an optic
makes all the difference with this
weapon just remember that you only got
21 rounds to work with but every round
deals a tragic amount of damage so make
every shot count and try to fire from a
distance and avoid close quarters if at
all possible and the third and final
heat weapon that I decided to use was
the Galil AR M model 372 another weapon
used by good old Mike Torito in the
final score of the movie this one is
actually pretty special because he does
quite a bit of running and gunning
through the plaza almost as if he's
actually playing a first-person shooter
like hardline but as for the weapon in
the game it's really not that great
especially without attachments it is
genuinely not very impressive now
obviously most of you don't have it
unlocked because it's only available via
the operator syndicate assignment but
allow me to tell you right now totally
not worth it not worth
not at all worth and it's pretty simple
as to why basically it has very average
damage average range and a terrible rate
of fire that's right now I know many of
you will try to push back on me saying
that it has 51 rounds which is much more
than any of the other assault rifles but
in my book that's completely irrelevant
it simply doesn't kill fast enough and
you're probably dead before you can fire
all those rounds anyways so when people
always tell me in my stream oh my god
Badgers kept hitting the new um the
capacity is super great I just laughs I
just sit there and laugh it's basically
like having five billion dollars handed
to you on your deathbed sure it's handy
to have but you're probably not going to
be able to use the majority of it before
you die but I guess it is still pretty
fun to pretend that your mic churrito
running around downtown LA and falling
into water fountains I mean I guess
that's pretty cool and that's about it
guys I hope you enjoyed me trying to
emulate some of the weapons from the
greatest heist movie ever made and I
know it may sound a little weird but all
this talk of heat is actually making me
want to go watch the town so please
excuse me while I go do that yeah maybe
after I get some chow mein and some more
chicken peace out nerds
yeah
you